[NOISE] We're gonna put
Google Analytics and stuff on this one.
So I'm just gonna put my baby away and
then we'll get right to it.
[MUSIC]
So what we are gonna do now is add
some Google Analytics to our website.
Basically what you need to do is make
sure you sign up for Google Analytics.
You would technically have an account
as long as you have a Gmail account,
Google.com/analytics.
Go through that process and
once you get to this page,
come back to this part of the lecture,
and let's continue.
Once you're here,
you're gonna be in the Admin tab.
And we're gonna create a new property for
Google Analytics,
and this website name for me will be
bootstrap to WordPress, the website URL.
And then you can go ahead and
select all the rest of the information,
get tracking ID.
And that will give you
a tracking ID like so.
Copy that, and what you could do is
you can add this to your footer,
in your template, or
you can go straight into
your plugin section, and install a plugin
called Google Analytics by Yoast.
There's a lot of plugins you can use, but
I prefer this one because
this guy's great.
To activate that plugin, open up
the settings for that plugin up here under
Analytics, and then authenticate
your Google Analytics profile.
You can authenticate with your
Google account by clicking here or
you can manually enter your UA code.
If you wanna be able to use the
dashboards, then authenticate like this.
Paste in the Google code that he
gave you and then press Return.
And then you can choose
your Analytics profile.
I'm gonna choose Bootstrap to WordPress.
And then you can go ahead and
just save those changes.
You should now have your
Google Analytics installed.
You can go around and
play with the settings here if you'd like.
You probably don't need to.
But that's how you
install Google Analytics.
Now what if you want to be able to
add your logo to the login screen?
So instead of you seeing the default
generic WordPress login, like so,
what if you want your logo there?
Well, you can do that like so.
Right here in your plugins, just add a new
plugin called Login Logo, install that
plugin, and all you need to do is
drop a .png file named loginlogo.png,
into your WordPress content directory,
and the plugin takes care of the rest.
So let's go back to our Code Editor
in your live site here.
Really all you gotta do is
make sure to put your logo
right in the WordPress content directory.
So we have that logo, got it right here.
I'm just gonna drag that into here, and
I'm gonna rename it login-logo.png.
Now technically, if I were to log out,
I should have my logo.
And there we go, there's my login logo.
And so basically there you go,
you have your Analytics installed.
And then now once you're back in Google
Analytics you can do some reporting and
tracking to track the stats of the site.
Right now because I just installed it,
there's nobody here.
But that's how you do that.
And then we have our custom login logo.
And that's all.
So, in the next lecture,
we're gonna wrap up.
And I'm gonna send you off
with a few tips and resources.
And we're good to go.
See you there.
[MUSIC]